Q10~Q11 
That takes care of our normal business. Now, before we 
break, I want to raise a concern I have with personnel. I've 
noticed over the past couple of months a lot of new faces in our offices, faces that 
seem to be here one week and gone the next. On top of that, I understand that 
there were a few mix-ups involving some very important clients. What I need to 
know is what the problem seems to be in finding capable personnel who have a 
measure of stability and a sense of loyalty to a company? 
Q7~Q9 
Crazy Cooter's is having a 7th anniversary blowout! Living room set looking 
drab? We've got 3 piece sets including sofa, loveseat and armchair under 
$500! That's right, folks! $488 for all 3 pieces, with plenty of patterns and 
colors to choose from. Delivery is free! Looking to spruce up the bedroom, and 
maybe even your sex life?! Bedroom groups including full bed with Queen, two 
wardrobes and two nightstands, a crazy $588! And we'll throw in a set of satin 
sheets to boot! Are we crazy? We hope so, but you can be sure that we'll 
come to our senses at some point, and this sale will end. Hurry, and get in to 
Crazy Cooter's now! 2525 Woodbank Road. That's 2525 Woodbank Road. 
Q4~Q6 
Today, light rain all day, clearing in the evening with a few 
clouds. Daytime high 23 going down a few notches to 19 
overnight. Tomorrow we'll wake up to clear and sunny skies, a high reaching 
27, dipping down to 18 as the evening progresses. Looking ahead to the 
weekend: clear and sunny both days, the temperature getting up to a whopping 
28C on Sunday, so break out the BBQ! I know it's a little early, but hey, with 
highs in the mid-to-upper twenties, it's like summer's already here! 
Q1~Q3 
Woman: Attention, please. Mrs. Cynthia Blues, please report 
to the Lost and Found counter on Level 5. Mrs. Cynthia 
Blues, report to Lost and Found. The counter is located to 
the right as you come up the escalator. Please bring any 
identification. Mrs. Cynthia Blues, your purse has been 
turned in to the Lost and Found counter on Level 5. 

Q19~Q20 
I've known Sterling for a long time. We used to camp and swim together even 
before we were teenagers, and then he moved to Montreal, which made it hard to 
hang out. I don't mind telling him today that I missed his friendship a lot after 
that. But when summer rolled around, he was sure to be back up from the city, 
and it was always interesting for both of us to see how we'd changed from one 
summer to the next. Our interests went from music, concerts and hockey cards to 
of course, girls. And then along came this beautiful woman you see sitting 
beside Sterling today. Who knew that the teenage crush they had on each other 
would turn into a lifelong love? Sterling, buddy, I love you man, and I wish all 
the happiness in the world to the both of you on this special day. 
Q15~Q18 
I'm here in front of the White House where just moments ago, two distinct 
shots were heard coming from within the White House itself, and believed to 
have been heard in the Oval Office. Troops have already been deployed and we 
can see them moving in the background. About a minute ago, a helicopter was 
seen leaving the grounds of the White House. Whether the President and the 
First Lady were in that helicopter cannot be confirmed at the moment. Also, it 
cannot be confirmed if the helicopter is en route to a medical centre with 
wounded. Once more, if you're just tuning in, moments ago shots were heard 
coming from within the White House, and they are believed to have been heard 
in the Oval Office. U.S. troops have been deployed to the grounds, and a 
helicopter has left the grounds with unknown passengers inside. Stay tuned, and 
we'll update you as more news of this breaking story comes in. 
Q12~Q14 
Hello. Thank you for calling Simpson and Sears. Please 
listen to the following closely as our menu options have 
changed. For the Department Store main counter, press 1. 
For the basement Outlet Warehouse, press 2. To place a 
catalog order, press 3. For inquiries about orders, press 4. 
For returns or refunds, press 5. To speak to a service 
representative, press 9, or stay on the line. To hear this 
menu again, press 6. Thank you again for calling Simpson 
