Q7~Q8 
Thanks, Harriet! The forecast for the rest of the evening is as 
follows¡X skies will be mostly cloudy with lows in the low thirties. 
For tomorrow, expect to see sunny skies in the morning, but don't get your 
hopes up.¡Xthere is a 70% chance of rain in the afternoon, but skies should clear 
up by early to late evening. 
Expect temperatures to stay in the mid twenties for most of the day. 
Over the weekend, expect clear skies and a 0% chance of showers. 
As is usual for August, temperatures should stay in the 30-35 range through 
Sunday, so be sure to have a bottle of sunscreen handy. 
Back to you Harriet¡K 
Q4~Q6 
Attention shoppers! 
Today in the produce section, there will be a special 
demonstration as well as free samples of one of our newest 
products--Washington organic apples. 
Also, in the deli, chicken breasts are two for the price of one 
and all Australian beef products are 30% off. 
And don't forget that Saveco Savers cardholders will receive 10% off 
everything in the store after 6pm. Again¡Xthat's 10% off everything in the store 
after 6pm! We hope that you will take advantage of these special offers, and once 
again, thank you for shopping at Saveco! 
Q1~Q3 
Ok, that was the warm up exercise---now we are ready to 
begin the rest of the class. 
To begin, stand at the front of your mat and place your 
hands at your sides. 
Breathe in through your nose and raise your arms above 
your head. 
Next, breathe out and bend forward, bringing both hands to 
the floor on both sides of your feet. 
Next, inhale and step your feet back so that you are in a 
pushup position. 
Lower yourself down as your breathe out and lie down on 
your stomach. 
Before we continue, I want everyone to take five deep 
breaths into the bottom of your lungs¡K One ¡K inhale¡K exhale¡K two¡K 

Q15~Q17 
Hello, Ms. Jones? 
This is Nancy from the 8th Street Flower Shop calling. 
Regarding the order that you placed yesterday afternoon, 
I'm afraid there has been a slight change that I would like to inform you about. 
This morning, our supplier only delivered half the number of pink roses that we 
were expecting. 
Therefore, we will only be able to provide you with two dozen pink roses instead 
of the four dozen that you initially ordered. 
Please call me back and let me know if you would like me to replace the 
remaining two dozen roses with another kind of flower, or if you would like to 
cancel the order all together. 
If I don't hear from you by Friday, I'll assume that I can simply keep the 
order as is. 
I look forward to your call. Good day. 
Q12~Q14 
Dear colleagues and friends, 
This year marks the 30th anniversary of the inauguration of 
diplomatic ties between our two countries. Though vast 
oceans keep us apart, the friendship between our peoples 
has a long history and, having been tested throughout the 
years, is now stronger than ever. In the long course of 
history, the citizens of our two countries have created 
splendid and distinctive ancient civilizations. In the modern 
era, our peoples have launched heroic struggles against 
invading nations, and have written a glorious chapter in the 
fight for freedom and independence. The progress of our two 
nations has undoubtedly been a major contribution to the 
advancement of human civilization. During my term as 
president, one of my primary goals is to ensure the 
Q9~Q11 
Have you ever wondered why certain people happen to get 
things done without going into crisis? 
Why are some people able leave the office at five o'clock, 
while others work long hours several days a week? 
Why do some people, no matter how busy they are, get 
more tasks delegated to them, but somehow manage to get 
them all done with minimal stress? 
The answer is¡Xproper organization! 
If your office looks like it's been hit by a typhoon or your computer is loaded 
with files that you haven't looked at in years, then you definitely need to adopt 
some organizational skills. 
In this special, one hour CD, you will learn important skills that will help you to 
get organized and get things done!
