(5) 
M: Excuse me, could you tell me where the jewelry 
department is? 
My wife brought an expensive watch in for repairs last 
week and I'm here to pick it up. 
F: Certainly, sir. It's on the third floor. 
Let me show you where the stairs are. 
I'm afraid the elevator isn't working today. 
M: Thanks. 
By the way, how much is that leather jacket over there? 
(4) 
F: So, are these machines very difficult to use? 
I'm new here and I've never used them before. 
M: Actually, it's quite easy. 
I'll teach you how to use both of them when the last 
customers have left. We're closing soon. 
F: Thanks. I've been so busy serving people that I haven't 
had the chance to ask you until now. 
(3) 
M: Joan, where is the sales report that was sitting on the 
table in the meeting room just a few minutes ago? 
F: Well, the manager took it into his office. 
He's reading it now. 
He also said he wanted to go over it with you later. 
M: But that's last month's sales report. 
I haven't finished writing this month's yet! 
W: Oh dear. He won't be happy to hear that! 
(2) 
M: I noticed that you were late opening the store this 
morning. Is there something wrong with your car again? 
F: It wouldn't start, so I had to take the bus. 
You know how bad the bus service is here. 
M: I know¡K.Say, if you like, I could take your car to a 
mechanic and find out what the problem is. 
F: Thanks. That would be great! 
(1) 
F: This candidate looks great¡Xtake a look at her photos. 
M: Yes, she does look nice, but according to her resume 
she doesn't have much experience. 
She's a little too young for a secretary as well, I think. 
F: I know, but I spoke to her yesterday¡Xshe's very 
intelligent and she has a lot of confidence. 
M: OK, let's give her a chance. I'll interview her tomorrow. 

(9) 
M: I have looked over your designs. 
I must say, I am very impressed. 
F: Thank you. I hoped that you would like them. 
If you'd like to see more, just let me know. 
M: That won't be necessary. 
I'm more than satisfied with what I have seen so far. 
In fact, I think you are just the kind of person this 
company needs. 
W: Great! When can I start? 
(8) 
M: So, what do you think of my paintings? 
F: They're wonderful. 
Everybody else seems to like them too. 
M: Thanks. I'm hoping to sell at least half of them tonight. 
That's why I'm here -it's all very well being an artist, 
but I still need to have money in the bank. 
F: Well, it looks like you're going to, because I want to buy 
this one! 
(7) 
M: I'm afraid that I won't be able to go to the conference 
with you this weekend. 
F: Yes, I know your wife isn't feeling well. 
It's OK. 
Stay home and look after her this weekend. 
M: Thanks. 
And, if you need any help preparing for it, 
just let me know. 
W: Well, actually¡K 
I don't know how to set up the equipment. 
M: No problem, I'll go through it with you before you leave. 
(6) 
M: Dr. Kennedy, what made you decide to donate so much 
money to this particular charity? 
F: Well, because I know from personal experience how hard 
life can be for children from poor families. 
M: Yes, not many people know that you come from a poor 
background. 
F: Well, I owe my success to this organization. 
It helped me a great deal, all those years ago. 

(14) 
M: I'm pleased to tell you that you have been promoted. 
You are now Sales Manager of this office. 
F: That's great! What a relief. 
I thought I was about to be fired! 
M: Really? Far from it! 
You've worked incredibly hard this year, and we think 
you have the right attitude for a more senior position. 
F: Thanks. It's nice to hear that¡KSo, what will my new 
responsibilities be? 
(13) 
M: I've just been on the phone with a customer. 
He wasn't very happy. 
F: Oh, you must mean Mr. Davidson. 
He called this morning but you weren't here. 
He said he'd call back. 
M: Well, it seems that the parts we sent him last week 
haven't arrived yet. 
I wonder what could have happened. 
I gave the box to the courier myself. 
W: I'll call the courier company and find out. 
(12) 
F: We will soon be entering the market. 
Please take care of your valuables, as thieves have 
been known to operate in the area. 
M: Excuse me- will there be any swords and knives for 
sale? I'm a police officer. 
I'm very interested in weapons. 
F: Yes. And I would be more than happy to show you 
where they are. 
Does anybody else have any questions? 
(11) 
F: Even though it's far from the factory, I think this building 
would be ideal for our new head office. 
M: Me too. It's a great site. I'm going to call the owner 
right now and ask how much he wants for the place. 
F: Before you do that, let's talk to the security guard. 
I want to know how safe this neighborhood is. 
(10) 
M: Did you receive my email? 
Have you had time to think it over? 
F: Yes, and I'm happy to say that if you want to take a 
month off, you can. 
We shouldn't be too busy at that time anyway. 
M: That's great. My wife will be happy to hear that. 
F: Have you decided where you are going yet? 
M: We're not sure, but we're thinking about visiting New 
Zealand. 

(19) 
F: Hi Frank, you look great. So, how was your vacation? 
M: Wonderful. Hawaii is beautiful. 
The weather was perfect, and the beaches are amazing. 
F: I thought you would enjoy it there. 
I really love the food, also. 
M: That was great, too. 
By the way, thanks for recommending that hotel to me. 
It was perfect! 
(18) 
M: Let's go to that concert tomorrow night. 
I don't have to work this weekend, after all. 
F: Well, actually, I thought you'd be working, so I gave 
the tickets to my parents. 
We can't get any more either- the concert is sold out. 
M: How about we go out for dinner instead? 
F: OK, let's do that. 
(17) 
F: I'm so relieved that we have a new copy machine. 
It's so much better than the old one. 
M: Yes. And I heard that we're all getting new computers 
next month. 
F: I know. 
I wonder why we're getting all of this new equipment. 
M: Well, I know that profits are up this year. 
I guess the company has more money to spend now. 
(16) 
M: Did you get a good look at the man who ran off with 
your bag? 
F: Not really, he moved so quickly. 
I just remember that he was tall, that's all. 
M: Mmm...Unless there is anything else you can tell me, I 
don't think we can do anything more. 
There is a lot of crime in this area. 
F: I know, I just wanted to report it. Thanks anyway. 
(15) 
F: Excuse me sir, may I ask you a few questions? 
M: I suppose so¡K As long as they aren't too personal. 
F: Thank you. 
And don't worry-I work for the transport department. 
I would just like to know what you think about the city's 
new train service. 
M: Sorry, but I don't think I can help you. 
I don't know anything about it. 
I'm a tourist and I've just arrived in town. 

(24) 
M: So, do you like the apartment? 
Is it big enough for you, or would you like to see the 
three-bedroom one on the third floor? 
F: No, it's fine. I only need two rooms. 
But when I looked in the bathroom, I noticed that the 
bath is cracked. 
M: I know. 
It will be replaced tomorrow, if you decide to move in. 
(23) 
M: I think we should stay in this hotel for a few more days. 
It's much cheaper than the others in this area. 
W: I know, I originally thought we could find another one 
closer to the beach, but this one is just fine. 
M: And the beach is only a few minutes walk from here 
anyway. 
(22) 
W: Excuse me. 
My husband and I would like to talk to the chef. 
We want to make a complaint. 
There is something wrong with this food. 
M: I'm sorry, but I think he just left the restaurant. 
I will ask the manager to come and speak with you. 
I'll just go get her. 
W: Yes, please. We will wait for her. 
In the meantime, could we order some more wine? 
(21) 
M: When did you say the new machines arrive? 
F: They were supposed to be here this Tuesday, but there 
was a problem in Hong Kong. 
So they'll be here three days later than we originally 
expected. 
M: Well, please let me know when they do arrive. 
It will take me one or two days to test them and set 
them up. 
(20) 
M: I have to call the office and tell them that I won't be 
back at work tomorrow after all. 
F: OK. I just hope that we can get a flight back soon. 
The hotel manager told me that this storm could last 
several days. 
M: Yes, I know. And in the meantime, all flights out of the 
country have been cancelled. 
F: Well, we'll just have to wait. 

(29) 
M: Why are you working so late this evening? 
The others went home hours ago. 
F: Well, as you know, I was sick last week. 
I'm a little bit behind in my work. 
M: It's OK. Go home and get some rest. 
I can do this for you. 
I have a meeting later, and it will give me something to 
do while I'm waiting. 
W: Thanks. 
(28) 
F: How much is this cell phone? 
I've been thinking about buying a new one. 
M: Well, this model costs $10,000. 
It is one of the most expensive phones we have. 
It's very high quality, and it has all the latest features. 
F: Actually I want one that's simple to use. Besides, I 
really can't afford to spend that much money. 
Do you have any cheaper ones? 
(27) 
F: Finally, as mayor, how do you think we can solve the 
city's economic problems? 
M: Well, I intend to talk to the city's business leaders over 
the next week. 
I'm hoping that we can find some sort of solution. 
F: Well, I voted for you, so you know you have my support. 
Thank you, Mayor Greene. 
(26) 
M: Wow, I never thought that selling a business would be 
so difficult. 
Look at all of this paper work I have to do. 
F: Actually, I have a friend who knows all about this kind of 
thing. 
Maybe he could help you. I'll give him a call tomorrow. 
M: That would be great. 
I definitely can't finish this by myself! 
(25) 
W: I'm so tired of doing the same thing day after day. 
I think I need to find different work. 
M: I know that you're bored, so I think that's a good idea. 
Besides, you have many skills, so finding another job 
should be pretty easy . 
W: Thanks for your support. 
I'll start checking the newspapers tomorrow. 
