(7)
M: Ma'am, please bring your seat forward and stow away your table.
F: Actually, I need the table to set up my laptop.
M: I understand, but we're getting prepared for take off. Once we've
reached altitude, you may set up your laptop.
(6)
F: Brad, I won't lie to you. Your resume is outstanding. We'd like to
bring you onto our team.
M: Thanks, Mrs. Cull. Of course, my current salary at Bradstein and
McGulver may be more than the firm is prepared to pay.
F: Leave that to me. The firm is willing to pay for the best.
(5)
M: Membership fees include towel service and unlimited use
of the pool, steam room, sauna and Jacuzzi.
F: And the fee is?
M: This month, we have a special promotion. If you sign
up for a personal trainer, the annual membership fee is
waived.
(4)
F: Sir, I must ask you to please leave the theater if you will
use your phone.
M: I'm very sorry. It was an urgent business call; I had to take it
immediately.
F: I understand, but our other patrons were disturbed. In the future, please
set your phone to silent mode.
(3)
F: Excuse me, will this be on your business account?
M: Yes, and we'll need a receipt. I'll have the lamb, and Susan here
would like the chicken.
F: Would you like anything from the bar to start?
(2)
M: Good morning, Jane. Any messages?
F: Yes, a Mrs. Grett called. She said something about a
document she needs faxed.
M: Right. I'll have you take care of that this morning.
(1)
F: Now that the new policy is clear, are there any
questions?
M: Yes. May I ask: When will it begin to be implemented?
F: Management hasn't decided yet. However, be prepared.
(13)
M: Between us, I'd go for the triple diamond. Nothing says love more than
this ring.
F: Hmm…I'm not so sure that Brian's love runs that deep into his
wallet. Don't you have anything a little more reasonable?
M: Of course. However, may I suggest your bringing Brian in before you
dismiss this ring.
(12)
M: Just sit back and relax, Tina.
F: Easy for you to say. You're the one with the drill, and I'm the one who
has to spit every five seconds.
M: Haha. I guess that's true. But if I don't take care of this cavity now,
believe me, you will be in greater pain later.
(11)
F: Where to, sir?
M: First and Fifth please—the McKinney Building. Do you know it?
F: Of course. I've already made several trips there this morning. It
seems you're late for whatever started at nine.
M: Flight delay.
(10)
M: I can't believe you let that weasel overpower your good business sense.
F: With all due respect, Mark, I know what I'm doing. Do you actually
think I'd sell at that ridiculous price?
M: I was beginning to wonder. Would you mind telling me what you're
up to then?
(9)
F: Excuse me, I'd like to return this for a refund.
M: I'm sorry, ma'am, but our store policy doesn't allow for refunds.
However, we can exchange your item for another of similar value.
F: That will be fine.
(8)
F: On the right, you'll notice one of the most valuable paintings in the
museum.
M: May I ask, which is the most valuable?
F: Actually, that one over there is our most valuable piece of art. The artist
was obviously in love with color, and believed that the soul of any piece of
art is in its ability to waken the senses.
(19)
F: Sunshine Health, Good Morning. How may I direct your
call?
M: Yes, hello. I wanted to inquire about your Organic
Greens supplement.
F: One moment, please. I'll connect you with our product information
department.
(18)
M: I can't seem to get my mind around these statistics.
F: Let me see. Hmm…perhaps we should call a meeting with Jameson to
explain them.
M: Good idea. I'll get on it right away.
(17)
M: I didn't get that at all.
F: It's a tragedy, dear. Love symbolically died when his lover fell sick.
M: Do me a favor. The next time a supplier gives you free tickets to the
opera, take a girlfriend.
(16)
M: The figures for this quarter don't look good.
F: I see that. I'm afraid the company is going to have to downsize.
M: I agree. I'll get in touch with our lawyers to help us draw up a
severance plan.
(15)
M: Your attention, please. Ms. Virginia Bach, please report
to the information counter in arrivals. Ms. Virginia
Bach.
F: Oh, that's me. Gregory must be either late to the airport or waiting
for me there.
M: Attention, Ms. Virginia Bach. You have a phone call. Please take the
call at the information counter in arrivals.
(14)
F: We have a reservation. The company name is FastTrek.
M: Yes, here it is. One smoking room with a Queen.
F: There must be an error. We booked two non-smoking
rooms. We're colleagues only.
(24)
F: You'd better stop laughing before you choke on your meal.
M: I can't help it. I was just thinking of Mr. Hirashito's comment.
He really needs to improve his English.
F: That's not fair, Bryan. He speaks good English. You, on the other hand,
can't speak a word of Japanese, so I wouldn't talk.
(23)
M: Welcome to StarBlack's. What will you have?
F: A tall decaf hot caramel macchiato. Oh, and a cinnamon bun too.
F: I must warn, you. The cinnamon buns are not called Cinnamon
Catastrophe for nothing. They're quite hot.
M: All the better. It'll wake me up for the business meeting first
thing this morning.
(22)
M: Janice, would you please go to the department store at
lunch and pick up a gift for my mother for Mother's Day?
F: With all due respect, sir, I think you are the best person to buy for your
mother.
M: Quite frankly, I'm terrible at that sort of thing. You're a woman on
the other hand.
F: The truth is, sir, such a task is not part of my job description.
(21)
F: You must be pleased, sir, with the quarterly profits.
M: Very much so, but I also feel a bit empty. I feel the
company needs to do something for society.
F: What do you mean?
M: I've been thinking of donating money to an animal shelter.
(20)
M: Your tickets, please.
F: Oh, dear, I'm sorry but we didn't purchase them in advance. I
was sure the ad said to get them at the door.
M: It couldn't have been. Tickets are always sold beforehand
through Ticketmaster.
F: Are there any cancellations, or should we return home?
M: In fact, there are several no-shows. One moment, I think I can do
something for you.
(30)
M: Janet, you need to know that your newspaper column
ruffled quite a few feathers.
F: I'm sorry, sir, but I only wrote the facts. Isn't that what good
journalism is all about?
M: Yes, and congratulations! The paper hasn't sold this many copies
before!
(29)
F: Sir, may I have the day off tomorrow?
M: It's kind of short notice, Mary. Can I know the reason?
F: Well, it's Buddha's birthday tomorrow, and I'd like to share in
washing temples.
M: I'm sorry, Mary. But company policy doesn't allow for time off for
everyone's individual religious beliefs.
(28)
F: There's no time for an extended lunch today. We've got to get the
figures to Mr. Black by one.
M: Let's order in then. I'm in the mood for pizza anyway.
F: Actually, I brought a fresh fruit salad today. I've got to lose my belly
anyway.
M: Fruit?! Go ahead, and I'll enjoy the pizza alone.
(27)
M: Oh, no! I think my hard drive just crashed.
F: That's terrible. I hope you have a backup of everything on your laptop.
M: I do, but it's old. I made it last year. Oh, no. What am I going to
do?
F: Well, take it to the shop first and see what the problem really is.
(26)
F: Bus to the Skywalk; leaving in 5 minutes! Bus to the
Skywalk.
M: Oh, driver! Do you have 11 seats left?
F: Sorry, we're almost full. We've got room for six maximum.
M: That's OK. We'll take another bus after lunch, then.
(25)
M: Ok. That's nice. Once more. Different pose. Ok. Ok….wait…..
F: What's wrong?
M: Something's not working. I mean, your clothes look great, your
poses are fine, it's just, just….well, your skin is a bit dark.
F: It's a summer scene at the beach. Somehow I don't think snowwhite
skin will look plausible.
