Q7~Q9 
Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen. 
I am very pleased to introduce Dr. Carlos Castro, director of 
our Central American operations and head of international 
sales. 
As many of you may know, he is also a very entertaining 
speaker, famous for his sense of humor. 
Many of you may not know, however, that this noble man is 
a prize-winning author and has written many books on 
economic trends, finance, and trade. 
This evening, he will be speaking about international trade in 
Central America up until the 20th century. 
Q4~Q6 
Good evening. 
First of all, it's good to see that almost everybody is here tonight. 
It has been a busy week, but we did it, and I was happy to see all of you all 
working together to clean up the town after the storm. 
It's at times like these that I realize how lucky I was to be elected mayor last 
year. 
Thanks to you, the town's streets and parks are looking even better than they 
were before the storm. 
Also, I would like to give special thanks to the students and teachers of Red 
Rocks High School for all the hard work they put in over the past week. 
Well, I think I've said enough¡Klet the party begin! 
Q1~Q3 
This is an announcement for all passengers waiting to board 
Sunny Airlines flight 69 to Cuba. 
We regret to inform passengers that, due to bad weather 
conditions, tonight's flight has been cancelled. 
There will be another flight at 8 am tomorrow morning, when conditions will be 
better. 
We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause and thank you for waiting so 
patiently for this announcement. The airline will pay for one night's stay at the 
nearby Airport Hotel for passengers in need of accommodation. Please don't 
leave the departure lounge, as a sales representative from the airline will come to 
talk with you in a few moments. Thank you. 

Q15~Q17 
Welcome, passengers! 
You are about to see many strange sights and experience all 
the underwater thrills and excitement you can handlewithout 
getting wet! 
Before we enter the underwater world, please listen to the 
following safety instructions: First, as this is a high-speed 
ride, please make sure that your seatbelt is securely 
fastened at all times. 
Please also remain seated during the ride- Do NOT stand up 
or move around once the car is in motion. 
Also, please make sure that all bags, cameras, and other 
items are safely stored under your seat. 
Please be aware that it will not be possible to take photos at 
any time during the ride. 
See you at the other end in just a moment! Have fun! 
Q13~Q14 
Hi James, its Joyce. 
Its 4 am in the morning, so I guess you're probably sleeping right now. 
Anyway, could you please get in touch with me as soon as you can? 
We've had big problems at the factory tonight and we need someone to come in 
and fix the equipment. 
I know you are supposed to be having a few days' rest, but this is urgent- we 
really need your help. 
It's an emergency! 
Please contact me as soon as possible. Thanks! 
Q10~Q12 
Good evening ladies and gentlemen, welcome to our third 
annual concert. 
In just a few moments, the concert will begin. 
But first, please take a moment to introduce yourself to the 
other music-lovers sitting near you, as I can see many new 
faces here tonight. 
Well, I am sure that you will all enjoy this evening's entertainment. 
There will be two breaks- one at 8pm, and another at 9:30. The concert will end 
with a special performance from this year's mystery guest. 
Drinks and snacks will be on sale throughout the evening. Also, before you leave 
the theater, don't forget to pick up a free copy of the society's new CD, which 
showcases the talents of several young musicians. 

Q18~Q20 
Are you feeling out of shape? 
Do you want to look good on the beach this coming summer? 
Then come on down to Global Gym. 
Global Gym is the biggest, best-equipped, friendliest gym in 
town. 
At Global Gym, you can swim in one of four heated pools, 
work out on over fifty different kinds of machines, enjoy a 
sauna, attend dance and yoga classes, and much, much 
more. 
And, our friendly trainers can design an exercise program 
just for you! 
So, come on down to 345 Green Street and talk to us about 
your exercise needs. 
And, if you join this month, you will receive a 15% discount 
on membership, seven free training sessions, and a free gym 
bag. 
