Crazy, Stupid, Love. (2011)

Kate: As you know Robbie's shining moment this year was when he set a school record for cursing in an eighth grade English class.
[gets up and writes on blackboard]
Kate: Asshole. You're familiar with that word, Mrs Weaver?
Emily: Yes, I am and I've spoken to the Principal...
Kate: Asshole. As in someone who tells a woman he'll call and never does. Asshole. As in someone who uses honesty to get a woman into bed with him but is actually full of shit, like the rest of them.
Emily: [looking at Cal] This is not about Robbie...
Kate: Asshole. Someone who allows a woman to go downtown for 45 minutes because he's nervous!
Emily: Ewww!



The Other Guys (2010)
Terry Hoitz: No, I don't like you. I think you're a fake cop. The sound of your piss hitting the urinal, it sounds feminine. If you were in the wild, I would attack you, even if you weren't in my food chain. I would go out of my way to attack you. If I were a lion and you were a tuna, I would swim out in the middle of the ocean and freaking eat you and then I'd bang your tuna girlfriend.
Allen Gamble: OK, first off: a lion, swimming in the ocean. Lions don't like water. If you placed it near a river or some sort of fresh water source, that make sense. But you find yourself in the ocean, 20 foot wave, I'm assuming off the coast of South Africa, coming up against a full grown 800 pound tuna with his 20 or 30 friends, you lose that battle, you lose that battle 9 times out of 10. And guess what, you've wandered into our school of tuna and we now have a taste of lion. We've talked to ourselves. We've communicated and said 'You know what, lion tastes good, let's go get some more lion'. We've developed a system to establish a beach-head and aggressively hunt you and your family and we will corner your pride, your children, your offspring.
Terry Hoitz: How you gonna do that?
Allen Gamble: We will construct a series of breathing apparatus with kelp. We will be able to trap certain amounts of oxygen. It's not gonna be days at a time. An hour? Hour forty-five? No problem. That will give us enough time to figure out where you live, go back to the sea, get some more oxygen, and stalk you. You just lost at your own game. You're outgunned and out-manned.
[pause]
Allen Gamble: Did that go the way you thought it was gonna go? Nope.

Terry Hoitz: I'm like a peacock, you gotta let me fly!

Terry Hoitz: We're gonna do 'good cop, bad cop'. Okay? It's the oldest game in the book for a reason - it works. I come strong, then you come in. You got it?
Allen Gamble: Yeah.
Terry Hoitz: I come strong, then you come in.
Allen Gamble: Right. Got it.
Terry Hoitz: [to Ershon] Now you listen to me, you piece of shit! It's just you and me, and I'm gonna rip you apart! How did you cover your losses up? Huh? What drug cartel are you working with now?
David Ershon: Okay, I'll talk to you,
[pointing at Allen]
David Ershon: you're reasonable!
Terry Hoitz: [shaking him] No-no, look at me!
Allen Gamble: Yeah? You wanna talk to me?
[pushes Terry away and storms on Ershon]
Terry Hoitz: Allen, what are you doing?
Allen Gamble: [yells at Ershon] I'm gonna make you eat a plate of human shit!
[runs around smashing his office]
Allen Gamble: [next scene, Allen and Terry are walking outside] Look, I'm really sorry about that. I just... I saw how aggressive you were being, and I thought 'Wow, I gotta go even bigger than that since we're doing 'Bad cop, bad cop'.
Terry Hoitz: What? No, I said 'Good cop, bad cop'. I'm the bad cop, you're the good cop.
Allen Gamble: Okay, then there it is. That's it. I thought you said 'Bad cop, bad cop'.

